Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: GIFT-Grab
Version: 1705
Summary: An open-source C++ and Python API for acquiring, processing and encoding video streams in real time. GIFT-Grab supports several frame-grabber cards, standard-compliant network streams and video files. The Python API is compatible with NumPy and SciPy.
Home-page: https://github.com/gift-surg/GIFT-Grab
Author: Dzhoshkun Ismail Shakir
Author-email: d.shakir@ucl.ac.uk
License: BSD-3-Clause
Description: An open-source C++ and Python API for acquiring, processing and encoding video streams in real time. GIFT-Grab supports several frame-grabber cards, standard-compliant network streams and video files. The Python API is compatible with NumPy and SciPy.
        
        GIFT-Grab was developed as part of the GIFT-Surg project (http://www.gift-surg.ac.uk) at the Translational Imaging Group in the Centre for Medical Image Computing at University College London (UCL). See the GIFT-Grab home-page on GitHub for features and manual.
        
        Copyright (c) 2015-7, University College London. This work was supported through an Innovative Engineering for Health award by the Wellcome Trust [WT101957], the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC) and a National Institute for Health Research Biomedical Research Centre UCLH/UCL High Impact Initiative.
Keywords: multi-channel,video capture,real-time video encoding,video processing,hardware-accelerated video encoding,GPU,frame-grabber hardware,network video streaming,Epiphan DVI2PCIe Duo,Blackmagic DeckLink SDI 4K,Epiphan Pearl,Xvid,H.265,H265,VP9,HEVC,C++,Python,NumPy,SciPy,GIFT-Surg
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 4 - Beta
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Intended Audience :: End Users/Desktop
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Healthcare Industry
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Information Technology
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Science/Research
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: BSD License
Classifier: Operating System :: POSIX :: Linux
Classifier: Programming Language :: C++
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Topic :: Multimedia :: Video
Classifier: Topic :: Multimedia :: Video :: Capture
Classifier: Topic :: Multimedia :: Video :: Conversion
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Libraries :: Python Modules
Classifier: Topic :: Utilities
